top of page  Innovation is a new perspective of the past... ABOUT ABOUT US Innovations that positively impact peoples quality of life and provides economic growth. Vision Lucky Rabbit is a non-status quo digital services firm comprised of a team with 7+ years of experience using lean practices and agile methods to bridge the gap between old and new cultures to reimagine human capital aspects of the digital transformation journey to shift an organization to agile. We are an enthusiastic, imaginative, and collaborative team of agile practitioners, HCD business analyst, UX designers, data scientist, artificial intelligence analyst, and developers.  Lucky Rabbit is known for playbooks to surgically use agile principles and methods, not just for software development, but for adaptive organization change focused on competencies needed to address adoption gaps to implement a new culture. OUR IMPACT LUCKY RABBIT IS NOT JUST ANOTHER  DIGITAL SERVICES We focus on simplistically designed solutions that delivers quantum improvements using technology and data to improve people’s quality of life, influences economic development, and reduces the technology gaps in communities. 12 Completed analytics, design, engineering, and organizational projects 34M Persons served as part of our support for CMS.gov & Medicare.gov BlueTech BlueTech Initiatives But Lucky Rabbit is more than just a tech company; it's a catalyst for global change. Our blue tech initiatives are a testament to this commitment. We're at the forefront of drone technology, monitoring beaches for trash, and collaborating with local waste management firms to ensure cleaner oceans.  Our blue tech goals focus on cutting-edge research and development, covering technical, mechanical, and device integration. Moreover, we have established a crucial partnership with the Delaware Coastal Society, with a focus on Sustainable Fisheries. Through Blue Tech, we aim to protect marine life, combat marine litter and pollution, and safeguard coastal communities from the impacts of climate change. Our firm transcends the boundaries of a conventional tech company. With visionary leadership, a commitment to innovation, and an unwavering dedication to environmental and community causes, we're paving the way for a brighter, more sustainable future. Partnership with Delaware Coastal Society Drone technology integrated with GIS Monitoring beaches for trash Collaborating with local waste management firms SERVICES Journey Analysis 3D Human Centered Design (HCD) experience of your business process and operations. Data Analytics Automated Data Analytics using Artificial Intelligence (AI) for data wrangling and cleansing Agile Organization Transformation Adaptive organizational modeling using Agile principles and methods Design UX/UI framework using mockup, interactive wireframes, and front-end development Security Analytics Establish complete visibility your security posture with automated and trusted security metrics Human Capital Automation Robotic Process Automation using UiPath to automate manual processes for our client Development .gov/.com development, back-end integration, and low-code (SaaS or PaaS) solutions Cloud & DevOps AWS, Azure, & Google cloud migration support with fully integrated CI/CD pipeline Agile Team On-Demand Established tribe of analyst, designers, and developers for quick or temporary jobs. OUR SUPER POWERS PROJECTS LATEST  PROJECTS BIOMETRICS RELEASE TRAIN ENGINEERING   01 02  IMMIGRATION BIOMETRICS CMS.gov & MEDICARE.gov   04 IT AUDIT FOR STATE CHILDREN IMMUNIZATION PROGRAM   03 CLIENTS CLIENTS CONTACT Get In Touch       Submit Thanks for submitting! ADDRESS 107 Collins Avenue, Unit 502 Dewey Beach, DE 19971 GET IN TOUCH info@luckyrabbit.tech © 2023 Lucky Rabbit, LLC. All Rights Reserved. bottom of page